very good to all these guys in this
case we are in a couple of then now
that the truth is a character that
I like it a lot and also it's funny
no one had gone before him
send a character of being a person
that is a very very cool character is a
game that I many years ago
I played and I loved apart from the game in
yes I did not love the subject that has
as a good at stake in which we have
a ship quotes and we have to put her
I think it was called something like a
very strange thing that we can be adding
that like new cannons to the wool
we saw between the world and the world in
world of the ddi in the world of such and was
an awesome game but good without
more writing at the bottom of one is
inverted to have is medium for me
parker that I wanted to come reading now
welcome then parkour
grab the things from the chest and go towards
the root of the train outside suddenly
appears more within short so for
see visions do parkour ok
Perfect plays the survival king mode 1
in emergencies and xd and you put that one
funny charity parkour a trolley
peace station shift and here is a block
coal ballet block of gold and clay
good thing is that I'm playing with
a couple of textures that you have asked me
bet that I put it I guess it will be
because the character will look better and such
and he told me that it is based on the
502 character if I am not mistaken so
let's see the booklets as I saw
there we are going to send greetings today Augustine
Argentinian newsletter Augustine and I hope that
You are having a great time because you have
Have a good day from the rails and
there will not be inverted until certain
point finds that it will invest while
you travel in the first car what I feel
is to invest that is now because they ruin
pixelar when you are this point appears
in parkour but well I think that
I have blue posts that
directly so let's go and sir
bears how I like to be
bullets but the footballers of the lord
now you know what to do
what the fuck what's up my friend
a manager can get there
the same will be tested, but as you can
understand this is crazy what
take them away even if it's more I think that
this block does not even need here
power that does not make sense because
I guess this one will leave here good
try to do without this block but only
good to place because as there is now if
enter this block here does not have much
meaning but good I'm going to place
just in case
is that I do not know if this should be like that
although good arrived the same but now without
problems therefore when seeing is is
taking out parkour as you can so
good without more guys I hope you like it
this day of soria you know that you can command
of your parkour maps to see is
that there is a line together that dotcom does not
you have the description
two more back before four perfect and
now I also have to record many
many videos of the weekend because
we are on thursday and touch record these 10
videos that I wanted to see the weekend
because I like I like to upload them and this
it's a very cool jump that wants me
fuck life between them will be
perfect another jump of 4 ole 2020 over
very slow solutions and the final mission
the ultimate mission and this surely
you are watching it or Friday or Thursday not
I know today Thursday right now but I want
upload is the definitive for all
you today and Thursday so
I will try to save this map for tomorrow
Friday that you enjoy the weekend
as god sends
this will be that it is a bit strange this does not
because it's this from there not released anything
that stairs and that those have
final goes a little short and
meanwhile let's enjoy the
Mr. pixel art
what does he say thank you for playing the map
what you liked coming out of a
words now schukin sends greetings to
Augustine and Argentinean skill a
Augustine version top assert veils and
melina that if I'm not mistaken as we see
he is only has a hair like
now xq not to see to see how is the
pixel art
hey he is very very cool is more I think
that if I'm not wrong comes to the suit
this to see to see that I look good leads
the suit as I took it off 13 I think that
is the 2 as he had done in the
mail that takes as a black part and
carries the sides like a red thing
what is it that leads whoever is in this
missing site is that having done the
Keyblade This one is very cool but
well the pixel anta has been very good
I congratulate you is that you can put the
comments that appear and thought is
I'm sorry because the map has been left
short pre you know that a pair ass
so it's usually short, but I'm going to
try to bring the videos something else
long since everything depends on my time
and what you put something in there you hide
over there you look now is that it gives me more
also free to stay away from sona
it arises but still more boys and
I tell you that I hope you liked it and
put something
talk of curiosity I go away I
enough for you to see it well cool
I will try to improve the team
sixto that's steve with a bow the shovel
but he's already full of
matches now, poor sir steve
how they have made a skiff here
the fire and carries is not strange either
he covered all the other costumes he liked
that we see a big reason
gentlemen now and until the next